# Matlab version

MatLab version directory contains  files with MatLab codes and the bat-files that control the communication between host computers and the preinstalled cluster. This catalogue can be downloaded on any place of host computer operating under Windows. 


1.	Make sure that Matlab is installed on the local computer.

2.	Download the folder “host” with its contents from https://github.com/LeonidSavtchenko/Arachne repository to the local machine.

3.	Open file on your host computer “root\host\Code\scripts\win-lin\params.bat” and adjust the following 4 variables: : “HEADNODEIP” – IP address of the cluster, “LOGIN” – Login name of your account of the cluster, “PASSWORD” – password of your account, “HEADNODEWORKERDIR” – the address of the location of “gs.exe” file on the cluster, to be consistent with your cluster.

4.	ARACHNE host files are ready for preinstalled cluster.

5.	Launch the following Matlab script: “root\host\START_GammaSimulator.m”.

6.	Choose between 3 different options: the option, 1, is for analysing of previous results, the option, 2, is for starting a new computation and the option, 3, is for continuing of previous computations 

7. Launching the option 2 generates the window of GUI. 

8.	Using this GUI window user can 
 a.	check/modify the parameters of the “basic” networks model. See “Description parameters ARACHNE”. 
 b.	upload the file with another input parameters. 
 c.	save the new set of input parameters. 
 
9.	After modifying the parameters (if needed), then click OK, and the GUI generates the next window (External drivers for e-cells), in case, if Model(STDP)->EnableSTDP box checked. At this point, the user may specify the input image (the spatial patter of activation of e-cells) for the network storing. To do so, user has three options
 a) using a matrix generated by MATLAB (see the picture), where the number of element corresponds to the number of e-cell. Using a mouse one can click on any e-cell (technically it means that user add the depolarization current to the e-cell). This method of the external pattern generation  is convenient for small networks
 b) drawing a black and white image with any graphic editor. It was designed for large networks. (See the example picture).
 The a black and white image can be downloaded. 
 c) Black pixel in all cases indicates the depolarizing  e-cell by 1 mV. The value of depolarization can be changed via the GUI (Model(STDP)->BlackValue).

10.	After clicking OK the host send the file to the remote cluster located at 144.82.46.83 to start simulations.

11.	When the simulation is completed, the cluster will generate results send the results back to the host and MATLAB will plot the results. 


